(Give the option to) delete torrent data for old/watched files. The full torrent file for each episode is stored in the db and pruning these would remove much of the overhead. Another space-saver would be to only store the last 1000 or so aids in your title db as alastore is meant for watching currently airing series which will always have more recent aids.
- this could even be a checkbox in config like "Delete torrent data after successful download"
Actually, don't even give the option. torrent data should just always be deleted. Can't think of a good reason to keep it there and it's just taking up tons of space (and memory).

Deal with anidb adds that are never succesful. The problem is as follows:
An OVA episode or a s2 episode is named something like anime_14 by a subgroup.
A hash of the file is not uploaded onto anidb so a generic file add must be used.
The generic file add always fails because the show only has 12 episodes.
Files like this are being mylistadded over and over and will never be successful.
Any reliable fix would probably mean user interaction which means a GUI which makes this a more complicated fix.
Spamming the same add over and over isn't really against anidb's TOS or anything but it seems a bit stupid and it does mean the episode will never appear in your mylist. There actually already appears to be some spam protection in place, see getToAdd in sql.py.

There is also the other case of no verified aid for a series leading to repeated failed anidb adds. The solution to this one is a bit more risky as you would likely need to do a levenshtein match and then assume it is correct. You should probably avoid doing this as false positives could really screw up your mylist. It is also extremely unlikely for an entire series to air without any ed2k hashes matching your files. Remember, only one has to match for the entire series to be verfied. HOWEVER, if shanaproject decides to change the name for a series after 1-2 un-hashed episode have aired this may become a real problem. This hasn't really happened in years though so it isn't something you should be too worried about.

the help dialog may need a scroll bar now (or really it just needs a rework)

Features planned but never added:
1. show latest episode in alt color if it skips an episode (123 5 for example)
2. add a slightly different color for episode that have been marked as watched (grey background maybe) to indicate that they dont exist locally (I may have already done this (I havent))
3. advanced : let the user mark episodes as failed to dl (bad torrent, etc) and have it automatically get a new torrent from shanaproject
4. add an option to select a udp port (or just make sure the one you used isnt shared with other programs
5. you can also add a right click option for series: "explorer here"
6. If a rss fetch doesn't return any dupe entires, increase the &count to make sure you didn't miss any episodes (after a long vacation or something). This has never presented any issue even before the count option was added and even if you implement this feature it would not only require caching the rss feed in the db but would also only work on shanaproject feeds. In short, it's not worth doing. The easier fix of setting default count to 200 should work fine.

heres the reasons:
1. shouldn't happen.
2. i think this actually is already implemented
3. hasn't been an issue in a long time and can be maneuvered around by manually sending a new episode to rss from shanaproject's site. now that you have shana project integration this is more feasible though. and definitely more user-friendly than the alternative.
4. this should be added.
5. haven't felt as much need for this lately but it would be easy to add
6. reason is already there.